Updated add-a-pallet to `v3.0.0+monthly-2021-05` (#1015)
substrate-developer-hub/substrate-developer-hub.github.io: docs/tutorials/add-a-pallet/interact-with-a-pallet.md

```

If the build fails, go back to the previous section and make sure you followed all the steps

> correctly. You can also check how we [integrate the `Nick` pallet](https://github.com/substrate-developer-hub/substrate-node-template/tree/tutorials/solutions%2Fadd-a-pallet-v3.0.0-monthly-2021-05).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
correctly. You can also view a [full solution including the `Nick` pallet](https://github.com/substrate-developer-hub/substrate-node-template/tree/tutorials/solutions%2Fadd-a-pallet-v3.0.0+monthly-2021-05).
```
